:
We've had the pleasure of working with Chaki for several years now at our agency. And to be honest, he is my go-to guy when it comes to Google media buying.  From day one, he has always been incredibly reliable and so easy to work with. He's also so proactive as well.  I have never had to chase him down for any deliverables, updates or insights.  And for an agency like ours who values high performance and high ownership, this is so huge. uh I know I can always count on him.  And those are just a few reasons why  I love working with Chaki. um Throughout the years, I've really been able to witness his ability to be both analytical and innovative as well.  He's  never been the media buyer to be the type that just sets it and forgets it. He does not do that at all. And that's why I have such high trust in his level of work. um The other thing that I also appreciate working with him as well is he really treats the client's budget as his own. So he'll push for growth as much as possible, but with the exact same care, he will also make sure that efficiency is also treated in high regard as well. So there's never been a decision that he's made that I had to second guess. He has always... has himself with high integrity as well as high quality of work as well,  which is why he has become my go-to guy for Google Media buying. um I know that I can throw him or the client can throw him any curve ball  and he runs with it. He'll come back with extremely well thought out strategic insights,  recommendations, as well as um a fully fleshed out  a plan of action as well, which is why, again, I fully trust him  when it comes to Google media by the list goes on. uh But truly,  at the end of the day, when I look for people to work with as partners at our agency, I look for people who  value high performance, excellence, growth, uh as well as high integrity.  And throughout the years, Chackie has always demonstrated that. there hasn't been a time where I had to second guess him. And uh if you're looking for someone like that and you're looking for someone  to really take care of the account as well as deliver incredible results, uh Chackie's your guy. m