:
Hello, this is Chacky, co-founder of Navarro Partners, and we're here to help e-comm business owners to scale their business with confidence. What we got is a case study on accelerating revenue growth by 435 % with an inventory of 30,000 plus SKUs. A couple years ago, I have partnered with automobile or model parts, a retail or DTC e-comm store. And they do sell pretty niche parts down to a specific category only where it's suspension, springs, things like that. And they do have an over, uh basically inventory over 30,000 SKUs across 20 brands. The reason why it's so much is because every single model, car model requires a different fit.  then just even one series or one model under a brand, that part can  can be divided into millions, or probably not millions, but hundreds of different fitting models for different year and different models and different brands. And they do have an NCAC of $80 and an AOV of $350 and LTV of over a thousand. And when we first started working with the e-comm store, The bottleneck, we found was with 30,000 products, the client faced a basically classic needle in a haystack problem because  of the more granularity searches that it requires for the user to find their part.  You cannot just fit anything into your own truck. So the first problem that we found is when the client previously put every single item into just one shopping campaign, trying to serve all different things to   possibly the wrong thing to the owner of a truck or to a car,  it may not match properly because the owner  may be owning a 2013 Ford Raptor and they got shown maybe  a uh Corvette or maybe  a Dodge Ram  and they get shown different models that are not what they're looking for that is going to cause uh impressions and unqualified traffic coming to the store. Second is an ability to prioritize. With the same campaign being the only box of all these products inside there, you're going to have or run into an issue where Google may not be prioritizing the top skills that is going to be making you the most amount of money on Google. Because they can be buried out of way at the bottom. Because top skills are only most likely top 20 or top 10 or top 100. with a 30,000 excuses, that number is very, very small in terms of percentage compared to all the other offerings that are out there that can weigh out too much on spend where it's ignoring the main things that are going to make you money. And the last thing is opportunity costs. So for the demand of auto parts, it was growing during the 2022 COVID or 2020 COVID. boom where Econ was booming and then everyone had extra money and then they start to go to a garage and work on their cars and they wanted a new part and that's when the growth started to massively  exponentially grow in the last few years and we can see it in the search trend chart here that car suspension and pre-owned car  is on a rise during that time.  So we wanted to make sure that we are covering that demand with  campaigns of where actually able to connect with the vehicle owner for the specific model and skill they're looking for. At that time, search was not covered, so then they were not really showing the best that they can to all the people that can serve. So for the solution that we got is we basically moved away from the casual approach and started to deploy more strict value-based hierarchy to organize the 30,000 plus skill catalog. And the first thing first is always to work on the profit first prioritization  as the strategy. So bottom up, going for the best selling brands, best selling skills, and we want to put the best upfront first so that we can cover the ones that are going to create revenue. So then  for the brand searches,  for the skill searches, they are going to be covered because we're covering search network for the user when they're looking for the brand. And then the next thing is series level granularity. This makes it very more complicated  just because of this niche.  For the brand, it will go down to the brand term, and they will go down to the series searches, the model searches, and then it will be extremely specific.  The person will be putting their year make model for their vehicle, and then plus the series and models. So we want to make sure they were optimizing search.  The keywords are going to be specifically for the popular year make models that are going to be frequently searched. And then we also want to cover that on shopping as well. Last but not least,  waterfall expansion strategy. So taking what I said earlier, the high profit bands first to stabilize, and then we start working upwards. So high volume skills, high margin skills, and then we just work on the other skills that are not going to produce too much movement for the revenue  as the last step. So then we're able to cover all. of the 30,000 skills at a much more strategic way such that we're going to have a big foundation to create those revenue. So then all these zombie skills are not going to be uh emphasized on by Google.  And with this said, we were able to  3X revenue from Google Ads and 435 % total revenue growth in two years.  And we can see it in this graph here. It is a rocket ship coming from 2020 to 2022. when they were transitioning. So use this case study as a reference. And if you want better help in understanding your metrics and how to scale your brand, fill in the form to get your free growth strategy session with us today. And then we will take a look in your account. And we will not just see if we're a good fit. We'll give you a better understanding of your data. Even though we might not work together, we will give you some logical next moves. So click the form, fill it out, and I'll look forward to see you sometime. Bye now.