:
My name is Nicholas Krauss. I'm from Innova Purifiers. I'm the owner and director. And we've been doing digital marketing and Google Ads since 2003 when I started the company. Over the years, I've gone from managing Google AdWords myself to using agencies. I met Chackie in 2020 during COVID, which was a very busy time for us. Chackie was able to... successfully managed the account through a massive growth phase for us. We did extremely well during that period. We had ROASs that were anything up to 20 to  30x. But as we came down from the COVID peak, where Chacky really shined was  being able to proactively manage the account so that we weren't wasting spend  as demand was falling. Finding new avenues, new markets through Google AdWords and other digital platforms that he manages for us, including Bing Ads, was key to  the continued success of our business in a post-COVID environment.  And we particularly saw after Google introduced Performance Max, a lot of wasted spend  that the platform was doing by default. And this wasn't just  unique to us  at Innova Purifiers,  it was across the board uh with Google Ads. So  that was another thing which Chackie managed for us successfully, was to dynamically adjust all of our campaigns to work with PMAX to harness them. We had other agencies that we worked with at the time on various projects  and  where they were trying to  use PMAX and while they were trying to use PMAX and harness it in the wrong ways,  where we getting a lot of wasted spend, Chackie was able to do  very thorough analysis  on a day-to-day basis to work out where PMAX was working. where it wasn't and give us continued success across all of our campaigns. As the AI platform grew, Chackie was able to harness that and give us very good ROAS that consistently increased month to month, year to year. We're currently growing at up to 30 % a year. uh And we attribute a lot of that growth to Chackie's continued management of our account and making sure that our spend is kept in check along with our campaigns still being relevant and effective. He  continually monitors  what our competitors are doing, where they're ranking versus where we're ranking and adjusts spend. oh  The problem that we've had in the past over the years  is a lot of agencies will see spend as the solution to a problem. Whereas what Chackie does  is he will go  to great extent to analyze exactly what is going on  with each of the campaigns, where we can try new things, test  new campaigns. and get better results from what we're doing. And that's really the key that I've found, having  used AdWords for many, many years, is that you need to be very dynamic with it. That's why I would only trust Chackie to manage our campaigns on an ongoing basis.  And he's someone that I trust that I don't have to worry, is he working on the account? Is he giving it the attention it deserves?  When we have  catch-up calls. He impresses me with  how much  he has gained from the last couple of weeks of data that has come through from the account. So I would highly recommend Chacky to anybody  who is looking at getting someone they can trust to manage their  digital campaigns and digital advertising  and  somebody who you can sleep better at night knowing that you're not losing money and you're actually growing your campaigns.